Our conclusion is BOTH NOT G(c) AND G(d).
I find it it's easier to think about if I make it a bit more concrete:
So our conclusion is: CARL IS NOT GREEN AND DEONTAY IS NOT GREEN.
Our premise is EVERYTHING IS NOT GREEN:
'FOR ALL y, y IS NOT GREEN'. From that premise,
we can INSTANTIATE, since it says EVERYTHING IS NOT GREEN we can infer that ALEX IS NOT GREEN;
we can infer that BERNICE IS NOT GREEN and so on.
But if we just keeps inferring random instances, then we're not going to make good progress.
Our conclusion is about CARL and DEONTE.
So instead of inferring ALICE IS NOT GREEN,
let's infer CARLE IS NOT GREEN, and that DEONTAE IS NOT GREEN.
Given those to facts, we can join them together, to get:
CARL IS NOT GREEN AND DEONTAY IS NOT GREEN, which is our conclusion.